Add gitlab pipeline for host injection (#2941)
DataDog/dd-trace-rb: lib-injection/README.md

# Host injection

> Our gitlab build pipeline ships a pre-installed tracer deb/rpm package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our gitlab build pipeline ships a pre-installed `ddtrace` deb/rpm package.
```

Is it only tracer, or all of `ddtrace` that is shipped?

> Our gitlab build pipeline ships a pre-installed tracer deb/rpm package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gitlab build pipeline ships pre-installed tracer deb and rpm packages.
```

Reviewer: Do we ship rpm too, or only deb?

Currently, we support

| Environment| version |
|---|---|
| Ruby  | `2.7`, `3.0`, `3.1`, `3.2`|

> | OS    | Debian 10+ |

Reviewer 2: Are we still building `.rpm`? Because Debian doesn't use `rpm`, so it looks like this list is out-of-sync with what we're actually generating?

| Arch  | `amd64` |

### Packaging

In order to ship `ddtrace` and its dependencies as a pre-install package, we need a few tweaks in our build pipeline.

> * Use multiple custom built Ruby images to build native extensions. Those images are based on Debian `buster` to support older distribution and Ruby is compiled as a static library with `--disbale-shared` option which disables the creation of shared libraries (also known as dynamic libraries or DLLs).

Reviewer 2: Minor:

```suggestion
* Use multiple custom built Ruby images to build native extensions. Those images are based on Debian `buster` to support older distribution and Ruby is compiled as a static library with `--disable-shared` option which disables the creation of shared libraries (also known as dynamic libraries or DLLs).
```

> * Install `ffi` gem with its built-in `libffi` instead of system `libffi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install `ffi` gem with its built-in `libffi` native extension, instead of using system's `libffi`.
```

> * After installation, rename directories to remove the `-static` suffix so user’s ruby can detect those  `.so` files and make sure files have read permission.

Reviewer: Who creates `-static` directories?
Is it a specific part of `ddtrace`?
If so, can we add it here?

Author: When `gem install msgpack` with Ruby compiled with `--disabled-shared`, the native extension would be stored at `extensions/x86_64-linux/3.2.0-static/` instead of `extensions/x86_64-linux/3.2.0/`. 

This would be an issue for other Ruby installation to lookup for native extension. Eventually, it would raise error about could not find native extension but gem has been installed.

### Injection

The host inject script would add `ddtrace` to your Ruby on Rails application's `Gemfile` to [instrument your application](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/dd_libraries/ruby/#rails-or-hanami-applications)).

* Bundler version must be >= 2.3

> * Does not support vendoring gem (Bundler's deployment mode or `BUNDLE_PATH`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does not support vendoring gem ([Bundler's Deployment Mode](https://www.bundler.cn/man/bundle-install.1.html#DEPLOYMENT-MODE) or `BUNDLE_PATH`)
```
